Name: Justus Peterson-Rhodes
Section: A

Algorithm 1 (tic-tac-toe):

	1- Draw two parallel lines, leaving a fair amount of space between
them to partition three equally sized spaces.
	
	2- Draw two lines parallel to each other, but
perpendicular to the lines in step 1. Be sure you have nine nearly equal
spaces with room to write a single letter within them.

	3- Assign one player to write "X"s, and the other player for writing
"O"s. Also decide which player takes the first move.

	4- Player one will make their move by writing their letter assigned in
step 3 in one of the nine spaces in the tic-tac-toe board. 
	
	5- Player two shall do the same, without writing their letter in a
space already occupied by a letter from a previous play.

	6- Repeat steps 4 and 5 until either:
		A-  Only one letter, X or O, occupies three spaces forming a
horizontal line, vertical line, or a diagonal line. In this case, whichever
player wrote the letters forming said line, is the victor.
		B- All spaces of the board are occupied by a letter, X or O.
In this case, neither player wins, thus the game is a draw.
 
Algorithm 2 (Prime Factorization):
	
	1- Write the positive integer n.

	2- Below n, write the same number as an expression of any 2 factors
of n.

	3- Now there are 3 numbers written, n, and two factors that multiply
to n. Below the factors of n, continue step 2 (treating the factors of n as
you did for the number n) untill the numbers in the
expression are prime numbers.
	
	4- For all prime numbers found, multiply them together. The product
will be n.

Algorithm 3 (Chickendale Recycling):

	1- Record the number of units of recyclable waste permitted for next
week's collection

	2- Find the recyclable material that pays the most per unit

	3- For the material in step 2, recycle up to the amount in step 1,
without going over.

	4- If after step 4, there are still materials left that is permitted
to recycle, repeat step 2 to find the SECOND most high paying material per
unit.
	5- Do step 3, without going over the total amount of material found
in step 1.
	
	6- Repeat steps 3 to 5 until all recyclable materials permitted are
used, and no more can be recycled.
	
